# Meeting Template

*Please refrain from sharing links to Google Docs as sharing permissions will affect the communities ability to review*

## Catalyst Circle Meeting #22

[Watch The Recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdkakn8KynM)

Catalyst Circle Meeting Number:
Date: 

### Rep Attendance:

*names of reps in attendance*

[x] Rhys

[x] Quasar

[x] Felix

[x] Joey

[x] Steve

[] Kriss


Mediators:


[ ] Nori

[ ] JP


## Consent Agenda

*Format* (Time) Topic of Discussion - **Leader(S)** - Duration in Minutes

(To make using Markdown easy I have created example templates of markdown formatting for links and lists below, simply copy and paste for use)

- Retrospective On Catalyst Circle V4 Candidate Meeting
    1. Candidate meeting coordinated by DripDropz facillitated by Bullish Dumpling
        + The call went really well, 60-70% of candidates turned up to discuss their position and what they saw (+ve & -ve) in Catalyst
        + Everyone present had a chance to talk and we had a huge community turnout with almost 100 people showing up on short notice to participate in the conversation and ask questions.
        + DripDropz team members have withdrawn themselves from the running as not to seem like they may be gaming the system
        + What do we do with the meeting from last night? Open a bounty for the various parts of the work.
    2. We have decided to run another or two in the next week to help get more people on and encourage candidates to show up at a more convenient local time
- Organise an FAQ for DripDropz to help make their job easier
    + What information can we provide in a clear and simple way to help explain the voting places
    + This will be the main focus of the meeting today
    + Who, What, Where, Why, How
- What is the updated timeline and how can we help spread the message
    + We need to confirm DripDropz timeline (get an update from the team) so we can share accurate information
- How will we manage the onboarding for new circle CCV4 - We may talk about this in the next meeting
- Emurgo Academy call
    + Here is [the video Quasar mentioned](https://youtube.com/clip/Ugkx62JvJ5Jg3utASI_sGTBFpn2TQKXBHMC9)
- What will we do about the 15 people?
    + Are we just voting in 5 and allowing people to pick their own team?
    + Are we taking the top people from voting and passing down the next 10 to fill the supporting roles?
    + Suggesting pairing people up with complimentary skills
    + Is allowing people to pick their own team that much of an issue if we are doing open and transparent reporting for accountability?
    + Steve suggests we look at how the initial sub-circle was put together by Mercy - bringing people in who are serious and want to contribute - the wider variety of people the better
    + Many people have chimed in on this [here is an example](https://twitter.com/Jane14457995/status/1585490819506642946?s=20&t=f2olSdFp0KAw1zXmMn2ciQ)
    + There are a lot of issues with silos as well as the birds eye view.
    + What has it been like to work with the problems and address community criticism
    + It was pretty seamless for the people who remained, it was more tough for the people who stepped up to replace the missing seats
- Continuing Townhalls whilst IOG are stepping back
    + Rhys might need to step up, also Cardano Pete, and maybe someone from America
    + We will try to organise smaller more intimate groups of candidates to come on and have more of a panel discussion to get people in and discuss Catalyst and their roles
    + Steve will also be doing so with Twitter spaces and he will be trying to organise people who he knows may not be as comfortable being on TH with a larger group of viewers.
    + Rhys can run the next Town Hall
    + Felix can facilitate with the platform
    + Shall we run breakout rooms?
    + Rename Candidates to include in their name so they can be known as candidates and allow them priority to talk
    + Allow Candidates to host breakout rooms (potentially team up to discuss specific issues etc)
    + How will the CF pick / how did they pick previously? (selected ambassadors based on their experience with Catalyst)
    + The open forum at RareBloom with the CF was great, the room was full of people with great ideas and we learned that the foundation really wanted to start taking more of an active role within the catalyst circle and the community
    + 

## ACTION ITEMS

Send TH info to Danny - Reach out to candidates to see who can join and potentially host breakout rooms (tonight)
Share information regarding the voting process
Figure out times for the following week to include other candidates at a more convenient time
Figure out DD estimated schedule
Notify each other about opportunities to join spaces etc to help continue this conversation in an open forum.

## Next meeting:

Onboarding
Voting on schedule changes in future (how do we support / facilitate / vote)
